Clarify layer transparency keymap.md (#9081)
qmk/qmk_firmware: docs/keymap.md

### Layer Precedence and Transparency

> Note that ***higher layers have higher priority within the stack of layers***, namely firmware falls down from top layer to bottom to look up keycode. Once it spots keycode other than **`KC_TRNS`** (transparent) on a layer it stops searching and lower layers aren't referred.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Note that ***higher layers have higher priority within the stack of layers***. The firmware works its way down from the highest active layers to look up keycodes. Once the firmware locates a keycode other than `KC_TRNS` (transparent) on an active layer, it stops searching, and lower layers aren't referenced.
```

           ____________
          /           /  <--- Higher layer
         /  KC_TRNS  //
        /___________//   <--- Lower layer (KC_A)
        /___________/
    
    In the above scenario, the non-transparent keys on the higher layer would be usable, but whenever `KC_TRNS` (or equivalent) is defined, the keycode (`KC_A`) on the lower level would be used.

**Note:** Valid ways to denote transparency on a given layer:
* `KC_TRANSPARENT`
* `KC_TRNS` (alias)
* `_______` (alias)

> These keycodes allow the processing to fall through lower layers in search of a non-transparent keycode to process.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
These keycodes allow the processing to fall through to lower layers in search of a non-transparent keycode to process.
```

### Layer Precedence and Transparency

> Note that ***higher layer has higher priority on stack of layers***, namely firmware falls down from top layer to bottom to look up keycode. Once it spots keycode other than **`KC_TRNS`**(transparent) on a layer it stops searching and lower layers aren't referred.

Reviewer: Some wordsmithing/grammar fixes.

```suggestion
Note that ***higher layers have higher priority within the stack of layers***, namely firmware falls down from top layer to bottom to look up keycode. Once it spots keycode other than **`KC_TRNS`** (transparent) on a layer it stops searching and lower layers aren't referred.
```

>            ____________        
>           /           /  <--- Higher layer
>          /  KC_TRNS  //          
>         /___________//   <--- Lower layer (KC_A)
>         /___________/  

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
           ____________
          /           /  <--- Higher layer
         /  KC_TRNS  //
        /___________//   <--- Lower layer (KC_A)
        /___________/
```

>     In the above scenario, the non-transparent keys on the higher layer would be usable, but whenever KC_TRNS (or equivalent) is defined the keycode (KC_A)) on the lower level would be used. 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    In the above scenario, the non-transparent keys on the higher layer would be usable, but whenever `KC_TRNS` (or equivalent) is defined, the keycode (`KC_A`) on the lower level would be used.
```

Reviewer 3: You might want to add some text to clarify that the "lower" layers appear _higher_ up in the keymap.c file...

**Note:** Valid ways to denote transparency on a given layer:

> * `KC_TRNS`
> * `KC_TRANS` (alias)
> * `_______`  (alias)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* `KC_TRANSPARENT`
* `KC_TRNS` (alias)
* `_______` (alias)
```

> These do not have their own keycodes and allow the processing to fall through to the lower layer in search of a keycode to process. 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
These keycodes allow the processing to fall through lower layers in search of a non-transparent keycode to process.
```
